# JTHM-RPG
I've been a fan of Jhonen Vasquez since watching Invader Zim as a young kid. When I heard he had done a comic series prior, and that it was even more dark and twisted than Zim, I absolutely NEEDED it. After falling in love with JTHM, and beginning my journey as a game dev, I emailed Jhonen last month and inquired about using his IP to create a small indie game. To my surprise, he emailed back and was totally cool with it. So now, this has taken priority as my first game dev project. It is going to be a pixel art RPG style game about luring in/kidnapping people and taking them to the bowels of the house in order to rip them to shreds and harvest their blood. Nny needs the blood, because there is a wall on one of the lower floors of the house that requires painting with blood. But once the blood dries, "something" on the other side of the wall becomes angry and tries to push through. So Nny must keep the wall wet, lest he find out exactly what the hell is behind that wall. You will be able to interact with all of the "usual suspects", such as Nail Bunny, Psycho Doughboy and Mister Fuck, the embryo in the jar and Mr Samsa, the cockroach that definitely isn't just a different roach after being killed 9001 times. I hope to incorporate as much of the lore as possible and stay as true to the comics as possible. I hope to create something that both myself and mr Vasquez can be proud of. Thanks for checking it out, I will update this as the project grows.
I am currently using pygame as the "engine", I'm going to be switching to either Game Maker Studio or Godot in the near future.

What you see here currently is simply a prototype, I just wanted to get something semi-working to post here to bounce some ideas off of my brother Bryan.
The desk is interactable with a Happy Noodle Boy quote, and Nail Bunny also has dialogue. 
I will be updating if not every day, every few days at the least.
